# Introduction
Automatically creates database based on
a few PHP documentation comments.

- Easy to use 
- Stable
- Framework agnostic
- Pleasurable to work with
- Supports Laravel / Eloquent

# Usage

## Install via composer
    composer require xmarkclx/laravel-autodb

## Create Database Comments
Given we have a comment on a class like so:
```php
/**
 * Class Example
 *
 * @db===
 * @property string $avatar_url
 * @property int $id #increments         
 * @db===
 **
 * @package App
 */
 class Example implements AutogeneratedDBFields
 {
```

We run:
```
    php artisan autodb
```

What happens:
- Will create table example if not yet created.
- In that table:
    - Creates string called avatar_url.
    - Creates integer called id that is a primary key and auto-increments.

# FAQs
## Why?
- Creating database migrations and changing them is time consuming.
This will make it faster.
- Also, this would avoid migration conflicts that happens when multiple
migrations, try to modify the same database fields.
- Furthermore, with this method, you can automatically get autocomplete
suggestions on your IDE for the database fields due to it being
related to phpdoc tags.
- No more need to open database viewer to know what fields the model
has, just look at the model file.
- Agile Friendly: Make database improvements fast.

## Why not just make this tool create migrations?
- If we make migrations, then wrong migrations might destroy the system

### Example
- I create migration where name is now an integer based on a test.
- Production server gets my migration and migrated it.
- Production server names are now integers.
- So that's why it was decided to auto migrate data instead of creating
migration files.

## I want to help make this project better.
See docs/Architecture.md for how it is architected.
